c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\bin\Debug\SteamThing.exe.config
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.Form1.resources
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\bin\Debug\SteamThing.exe
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\bin\Debug\SteamThing.pdb
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.exe
c:\users\fallenwyvern\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SteamThing\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.pdb
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\bin\Debug\SteamThing.exe.config
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.exe
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.pdb
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.Form1.resources
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\bin\Debug\SteamThing.exe
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\bin\Debug\SteamThing.pdb
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\FallenWyvern\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SteamDriver\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.voiceChat.resources
C:\SteamDriver\SteamThing\bin\Debug\SteamThing.exe.config
C:\SteamDriver\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.exe
C:\SteamDriver\SteamThing\obj\Debug\SteamThing.pdb
